Web Development is my comfort place! I work with HTML, CSS, and JS every day for work. I'm always eager to work with them. It is also always quickly evolving.

One of the major challenges that comes with HTML and CSS is the lack of  error messaging and logging. When things don't work the way you would expect them to, you have to keep investigating and playing around with HTML and CSS until you can spot the issue. A lot of tools in VSCode or other IDEs help with underlining issues or helping to auto-complete some HTML or CSS values, however they can sometimes mess things up too if you aren't paying close attention.

Another major thing to consider is browser support for CSS. There are consistently issues with certain browsers supporting or not supporting new CSS rules (or even some older ones). One of the primary examples is Chrome vs Safari. There are different ways that these browsers handle even some of the simpler items like z-indexing and perspective. A great tool to help with some of the browser support is https://caniuse.com/ where you can see how widely supported certain rules are.

One more challenge that I experience regularly is breakpoints. The languages we have used up until now don't care about screen sizes and don't care about resizing windows, but in HTML and CSS, that is a large consideration. Users on mobile devices don't want a desktop experience, and the same can be said the other way. It's nice when you work with designers that create breakpoints for you, but at the same time, some of those breakpoints might need to be adjusted for practicality of fitting content properly.

The advantage of working with web development for me is how visual it is. In coordination with the challenge above, sometimes parsing through error logs can be very tedious or confusing depending on your errors. While you don't get something specific, it is easy to look at something on your screen and go "Well that doesn't look right". Plus, browsers have some tools in the inspect tool to add/remove/edit HTML in browser, and do the same with CSS. This allows you to quickly test out certain CSS rules or what happens when you go from having 1 item in a list to 100 items in a list. It's very interactive and easy to play with once you understand the tool.